It must be clear that Mr. Sekigami​
was trying to make his bloody existence sunflower.
However, the bugers hasdoinged more and close to nothing
to defeat Japan's strength as well.
However, it was all the turns of people to help wonkylike Mr. Sekigami,
When they can make a special seal, they will be able to sell it.
I don't have time to talk about each of the plans.
However, the program of the запkrap,
the private unit or other teams in our database,
is amazing and unique,
because they put their blood, sweat and blood into training.
This is what makes us report of SLSoti.
For example, the first unit, which is made up of three units,
will first fire a torpedo at the enemy.
However, if there is wind and the enemy is moving,
the enemy's ship, the ship's ship, will move,
and it is difficult to get the best ship.
The second unit has a little bit of a lag,
but after the launch, it will come up after the first unit.
The third unit will not come.
It came up after a while,
but because it lost the lag,
it went around the enemy's ship once more and started to fire again.
So it was delayed.
This is not a job that was done in a training camp in Japan,
where the torpedoes never come.
It is a job that was done by flying tens of thousands of torpedoes in one minute,
and flying around the enemy's ship.
Also, the air force that came to Hawaii
had to finish the attack as soon as possible.
However, the first unit did not come,
so they waited.
They thought that they did not have much time to wait,
but the first unit came back.
They said,
I am sorry, but this is the first time that Hawaii has been born,
so I would like to show you.
Please wait.
They are a calm unit that does not think of life as life,
nor death as death.
They are trying to carry out the same training as the soldiers in the same way.
I think they are truly th ermanating.